Hi everyone, apologies for being late.
This is the Moneyball Morning Report.
Charts by Trendpider, Gamma Flows by
Menthther Q. My name is Anmarie Band.
And let's get down to business. First,
we begin on the daily. Let's have a
look. Last time we were at this level
way in the past, September, we could see
the flows trying to hold in a 6-day
patch moving to the upside. The second
time we touched this region around 6600,
savage move down, reflexive mean
reversion back up into the mid-range of
I would say a box of congestion.
The third time we did it, November 20th,
sharp downward move, same reflexive
motion straight up. It gave us five
strong up days even though the
compression was narrowing. Five strong
up days. Sideways event got to the top
of the box. Rotated halfway down. You
can see what's going on here. Last time
we did this, well, not last time. Last
time was last night. We did this a month
a week ago, March 9. We came down on
Sunday night, had a gigantic reflexive
move, and spent four days giving it all
back. So this behavior is a little bit
different to these behaviors in the
past. From the savage move down, we
moved all the way back up. From the move
down in October, we moved all the way
back up into the 7,000 range by October
30th. Gave it all back. But then we did
it again. This time we've come down
here, a series of lower highs. We could
do the very same thing. The difference
here is the following. We hit the line,
moved back up underneath the moving
averages, could not get above the
general moving average that I use, which
I believe is a 14. Hang on. I maybe use
a 14 or 21 depending on which group I
end up talking to. So, here's the 14
exponential. We have not recovered it.
Here, we recovered it by the second day
off of this floor. Here, we never
recovered it. And so we are going to try
again. If this price action holds, we
will move to the very top of the range.
If it does not, we're going to stop at
the value area low. And that value area
low is 6824 on the daily chart. Value
area high 695.
Now, let's get to the day. What do we
have? Tons of supply above us.
a couple of demand zones, particularly
this 6 a.m. floor. This is a pivot path.
It really tells us
what we're doing relative to high low
features. It just gives us trend line
events that are in process that we can
stare down. So, this one clearly is
telling us, listen, dips or buys, what's
momentum? It's above zero.
Both of them are above zero. We don't
really I I think I'm going to get rid of
this one
because the RSI does a good enough job
and it doesn't make us overanalyze.
Right? We know the wiggles are there.
Just look for the slope of trend. And
clearly what we've got here is that it
is following the path. Are we above the
moving averages? Yes. Is momentum moving
up? Yes. So, what does that mean? Dips
or buys? So, let's take a look. Very big
30inut candlestick formation.
Pretty solid size to be fair.
Oh, for heaven's sakes.
Very big. That's of note. Let's see what
the 4 a.m. candle looks like.
4 a.m. candlestick well above this area.
So, what are we setting up for? We're
setting up for a bullish day. As long as
the 30 minute candlestick from 9:30 to
10 holds green, we're going to very
likely have a bullish day ahead of us.
And it looks like it's on the horizon.
Now, could it be a runaway bullish day?
Because so many people went short here.
Yes, indeed. So, be careful to not
let what your mind says should be
happening influence what your eyes are
telling you. That's the trouble I had
last night. Now, I'd like to blame it on
plain old distraction,
but it's still my bad. And so, here's
what we're staring down. Uh, this is the
point of control, volume point of
control, 6701.
Let's look at Friday's 9:30 candlestick
for potential target zones. It's also
the anchored VWAP of
Thursday. So, that makes good sense. And
then once you get up there, you can walk
through that zone fairly well, right?
Fairly well. Okay, that's what we're
staring down. Big numbers.
Call wall 6750. We already talked about
the put wall being at 6,600.
Value area low on the 30-inut chart
6626.
Value area high on the 30 minute chart
6750 trend up momentum up dips or buys
value
you know keep your eyeballs on that uh
4 a.m. candlestick. This It's pretty
good size, right? It's pretty good size.
And they tried to sell it down. They
literally did tried to sell it down into
the 630 candle, but
they got caught in this level of
inventory congestion.
Okay. So, bullish, very, very bullish,
my friends. Bullish. All right. NQ. We
will be rolling in a couple of days.
Gratefully and wonderfully for those of
us on the Topstep X platform, the market
will uh excuse me, the platform will do
it for you so you don't have to fret.
Let's take a look at the NQ. Great big
recovery.
A little different. It pierced the low
on March the 9th, but same sort of
reflexive sharp upward reflexive motion.
absolutely sharp gigantic gap up on
October the 10th and then you know it
was all she wrote. This gap did not fail
until the other test of that low here.
We did it on Feb 5th. It moved into the
moving average. Could not get over. Um
we did it on February the 17th. It did
break the moving average but came right
back down. Gave us a lower high. This is
a very weak structure. It's very weak.
What it's telling us is that they are
still battling
for who's going to be in charge. Okay.
What is trend this morning? Well, on the
daily, a little bit negative. Momentum
and trend. Little bit negative
underneath the 14 moving average. Let's
jump right to the 30-inut chart. What
are we seeing?
Value area low 24,327.
that was tested and recovered in the
overnight candle. Value area high
24,871.
Here we've got our pivot points. For
those of us that listen to Coach Paul in
the morning, great structural frameworks
for us to use these pivot points. And
then more upside pressure. Where is the
call wall?
I don't seem to see it. Oh, callwall
below us. Holy smokes.
24,500
and then the putball even further below
at 24,000. So tech is recovering faster
than what the option traders are working
on right here. Trend up. We're above the
moving averages. Momentum up. Dips or
buys. Let's take a look at the
structural pieces of where people put
their lines in the sand. Is this This is
our 9:30 candle.
Let's get it
properly there. That's yesterday's 9:30
candle. You can see we're halfway
through it. The VWAP is up here at
24,700.
Let's do our opening candle event.
Again, looking like a trending day ahead
of us.
Where's our 4 a.m. candle?
strong.
They try to sell it down. Can't do it.
So, buyer still in control through the
entire thing. It did come into the 7 PM
candlestick and the first pivot up
resistance-wise. And so now it's walking
through pivots.
Pretty nice. The the next pivot is much
further away. So we are going to use
something like the daily max 24,865
uh value area high and you know daily
max gamma flow is at 24,900
something like that dips or buys another
great day uh of some bullish action.
Just watch these edges. That's why I'm
framing out these 9:30 candlesticks. You
want to be careful that we hold at least
the low of the 4:00 a.m. candlestick or
there's trouble. I would say we need to
hold the low of the 9:30 candlestick for
uh bullish action to continue. Micro
Bitcoin gave us a clue that this was
going to happen.
Oh, for heaven's sakes.
And so we've got some alerts going from
high to low. 74,000 is the zone that
we're watching for the traders to get up
and over trend
topping. It looks a little toppy.
Momentum is definitely divergent
and um yeah, I I think that this is very
very interesting for us to watch. It's
very very tight and has rolled over
What's going on there? That's
interesting. All right.
Dips or buys? You want to get it to
72,000? It's good. Right now, it's
broken through value area high low.
Overnight inventory is long simply
because of the gigantic gap up. It feels
like these guys might have already
rolled to be honest,
but we shall see. We shall see. All
right, let's go to oil.
All right. Now, what's funnling this
oil? Uh, the ES and Q, all of them is
oil moving down. Look at the daily. It
gapped right up and just began rotating
over. The put wall sits at 90.
Very big motion, trend up, momentum up.
Uh it's convergent because we have a
lower high. This is also a lower high.
So it looks pretty good. Let's get to
the 30 minute.
And we can see the fade is continuing.
Overnight inventory is short.
Let's look at our first 30 minute
formation.
Why is it naturally short? Well, because
we're under the close of the day, right?
We're under the open of the day. That's
just the normaly of that event. Now,
let's take a look at where the 4 a.m.
candlestick here came from. Now, a lot
of people will argue, hey, oil runs on a
different rhythm. You can't use the
same. Listen, whatever works for you
works for you. For me, I'm looking for,
do I end up underneath that 30 minute
close? I do. My short structure is still
in play. As it comes down, it's going to
run 9 minutes. It's going to hit the
9:00 candle and then it's going to run
into,
you know, uh, where is it going to run
into? It's going to run into
probably value area low, which is where
the put wall is at 90. Call up at 100.
This chart is going to stay
landlocked and there's some very big
players that are trying to force price o
the price of oil down.
uh I would not trade against them. Um
because they are very very big traders
and so even the way uh disruption looks
they are going to try and force every
new high off. Okay. So we have downward
momentum
flat to downward trend.
So where are we sitting right here? This
is the first pivot line that we're
staring down. That's 9444.
And then the put wall will be at 90. My
thought is that our 9:30 candle will
tell us what to do. But our VWAP here at
might give this chart the sideways
pressure that it needs. So where is our
8:39
to 9:30-10
candle which is not the open obviously
but it is the one that we are going to
watch and that is where the support has
bounced right off of at this juncture.
Okay. So take a bounce. I would say wait
for the bounce to short it. When you
know big people are manipulating price
action in uh a formation against its
natural flow.
For me it's hands off and it always has
been hands off in times past. Let's go
to gold futures. [clears throat]
I think no we did not move there yet.
Let's see where we are.
Okay. So, we're in a range.
I believe that that is where that is.
You know, it's sometimes it's really
hard for me to tell which contract I'm
smearing down here in um Trendpider. So,
on the daily, very quickly, very
sideways.
Let's erase all of these.
Going to remove all our annotations.
Are we still in the range of March the
3? Well, we're battling right now. So,
my suspicion is that we bounce. The put
is holding as the floor at this time. If
it doesn't hold as the floor, we're
going to have downward flow into 48.44
and then a reflective bounce. That
number is going to be awfully close to
the daily value area high which
currently sits at 4880.
What is my suspicion? That they try to
bounce off of this floor. And we should
see that this pivot path even though
it's moving down, it's still green. So
it tells us it's hunting support in an
upward trend. So let's go to the 30-inut
formation. A little bit noisier, but
what we can see is a double bottom from
the early morning event.
Oh gee, this looks a little sloshy.
Our 30 minute formation. Let's clone
this one. See if we had a one to one.
Wouldn't you know it, we did just about.
This first tick takes us right into the
put wall. Bounces right up. Let's say we
get it again. Where are we going?
Looks like they have to get through all
of this uh supply which might not be
that hard. Okay. And then the main pivot
is sitting here at 5056. Right. So
underneath the main pivot line, we've
got bearish action, but we've got this
double bottoming event. Momentum trying
to lift
higher. We're above the VWAP and the
moving averages. Dips are a messy buy,
but you could try and use this big fat
round number at 5,000
to help you get involved. And it's got
some nice range on the 30 minute. It's
not being cluttered at all. Okay. So,
looks really, really good from that
perspective.
We just have to watch out because they
are trying to hold a very important line
in the sand. Very, very important line
in the sand. So, it could be very noisy
for most of the day. We already have
20,000 contracts, 20,290 contracts
sitting at this price point of 5,023.
So, there's a lot of action here. Dips,
buys, big spikes are still going to be
sell zones in my mind. And that number
is
that 5066 to 5070. Anchored VWAP from
Friday is 5078.
Let's take a look at spy
lastly. Whoa, look at all those lines in
the sand. Holy smokes. We've chopped
through every one of them. Okay, first
of all, let's go to the daily bouncing
off the floor. You can see it. All the
traders. This one holds the edges, the
areas.
Well, this wasn't where the put was.
time passed, but we can see this line
really breaking down and then finally
recovering it here. They're holding it
very, very nicely. The wall, the put
wall here is 660. The call wall still
700. You can see we're caught in the
box. What do we really have to get over
is this upward moving average. Now, we
are sitting at big support zones.
If we take a look at this exponential
and I try to alter it for the quick sec.
Let's do 50 because I think that's the
one I need to watch. Right, we've broken
this 50 handily and it's starting to
turn down. Now, the next one big money
is looking at is the 100 and that's been
broken very clearly. That one still has
upward strength. The one everybody knows
about is the 200.
And this is the do or die here. That's
why so many folks are buying the market
right now because we've come into the
200 and the put walls and everyone is
saying, "Hey, we got to bounce because
if we don't bounce and we lose the 200,
we are going to have a lot of other
technical advisors that are running just
pure technical shops to go, hey, break
at the 200, we're out." And so, everyone
is trying to defend that line. So, we'll
see what happens there. Let's go to the
30.
On the 30 minute, we are below that 200
line. And so it still gives us this
downward trending sloping event, but we
are bouncing off of the floor. Walls 661
for value area low, 677, value area
high, call 680, put wall 660. Staying
the same. Staying the same. Traders are
trying to buy the dip.
the 4 a.m. open.
That's our candle of note. And you could
see they tested the base of that 4 a.m.
candle several times. Now breaking
through it. That 930 candlestick is
going to give us that relative upward
trend. But we've got a lot of work to
do. If we get to 672, I suspect that
would be the top of the frame. But look
at the 9 to930 candlestick. The dip of
that candle is going to be your buy zone
as the traders try to recover through
the space. All right, take care
everyone. I'll see you on the streams.